AM Chat offers an exciting low tech take on “chat frequencies”, instead of "General" players can use frequencies to transmit there conversations.
Just like a radio that frequency can be change, you can also encode that chat so only players with that same code on the same frequency can read your text.
Local Chat can also be restricted, by default this is set to 64 blocks. A filter can be set so only legible text can be received.
You can optionally limit the distance of radio chat as well.

Features:
..turn personal radio on/off
..tune to a frequency between 32-512 rHz
..use a code between 1-999, to encrypt your chat, 0 to disables
..turn mic on/off
..filter chat that is encrypted and otherwise unreadable.
..set a frequency cutoff so you receive chat from <your_frequency>+-<cutoff>
..set a frequency default freq. to set when joining server 32 by default
..set if a player’s radio is default set to on upon joining server

Commands:
Command: /am
Description: display information about your radio

Command: /am radio
Description: toggle radio on/off

Command: /am mic
Description: toggle mic on/off, your radio needs to be on to receive transmissions

Command: /am cutoff #
Description: # 0-15, lets you hear chat on neighboring frequencies.
Example: If your on frequency 15 and your cutoff is 5 you will hear chat on frequency 10-20

Command: /am tune #
Description: # 32-512, lets you turn your radio to one of the frequencies between 32-512

Command: /am code #
Description: # 0-999, lets you encrypt chat, only players on the same frequency with the same code can read your text clearly.

Command: /am filter
Description: toggle your filter on/off, if you can't read the text clearly turn this on if you don’t want to get it at all

Command: /am home
Description: Sets all your settings to the default you get when first joining the server

Command: /am ping

Console Command: am list
Description: view all the players online, with active radio’s and what settings they have.(good when people are complaining why something isn’t working)

TODO LOG:
Add Range Check on ping command
Add Setting for handeling nether/ender/multi verse.
Add Features for Nether such as 8x multiplyer. 

CHANGE LOG
Version 0.2
Added amchat.local.hearall permission so player can always receive any message sent reguardless of range over local chat
Added OPs are able to hear all local chat.
Added amchat.radio.hearall permission so player can always receive any message sent reguardless of range radio chat
Added OPs are able to receive all chat reguardless of range
Added amchat.radio.readall permission so player can be able to read all chat.
Added OPs are able to read all chat. 
Added following permissions to /am tune, cutoff and code commands
amchat.radio.override.tune     - this lets you tune to any frequency, always true for ops
amchat.radio.override.code     - this lets you use any code including negative ones, always true for ops
amchat.radio.override.cutoff   - this permission lets you set any cutoff(negatives will default to 0), always true for ops.
Added Ping usage is /am ping playername permission is amchat.radio.personal.ping
Change Chat router to use methods instead of direct var access, there are still some calls directly but there are significantly less now. 
Added Radio Link ID varible in AMChat main, Added Setter(will set to "none" on empty string)/added Getter method for varible.
Removed world check for amTools.getDistance
Added public method AMChatRadioManager.genSerial, this generates a serial number for radios


